(Dramatic music playing)
I'm Randall park
at freedom high school,
continuing our
all-access coverage
of the Dwayne Johnson
presidential campaign.
(Camera shutters clicking)
Thank you for joining us
for the official opening
of the Dwayne Johnson library.
Dwayne, we always knew
that you were destined
for greatness.
Adult Dwayne: Nice lady.
She made me sound good,
but none of it was true.
I mean, the only thing that people
said I was destined to do was time.
(Both chuckle) That's good.
As we all know,
nobody's perfect,
and we all screw up.
I just happened to screw up
a little bit more than most.
As a matter of fact, Randall,
when I first got here
to freedom high school,
I was a hardcore shoplifter.
Mmm-hmm.
Hey, just so you know,
you guys have to come in tighter
when he says stuff like that.
Well, it's too late now.
It's too late. Back up.
Just anticipate.
Uh, confinue.
Yeah, so we moved here
to Bethlehem from Nashville
because my dad wasn't wrestling
for Vince McMahon anymore.
That's your father... mmm-hmm.
(Mimics wrestling announcer)
"Soul man" rocky Johnson!
Nice, man. Good job.
Give me some. All right.
I did. You practiced
that, didn't you?
I don't know if I mentioned
it, but I used to be an actor.
You have. I have? Okay.
Yeah, yeah, multiple
times. Oh, okay.
But back to my parents.
Yes, yes.
So, money wasn't coming in
the way it used to,
so he and my mom opened up
a cleaning business.
I had a side job
after school slinging pizza,
but the only thing I wanted to
do was chase girls.
(Chuckles)
And to get their attention,
I thought
that I had to look rich,
hence all the stealing.
Sandy: Candidate Johnson,
please,
remember
our media training session.
It's fine, Sandy.
Yeah, it's fine, Sandy.
So my dad was still
trying to wrestle
any chance that he got,
so my uncle of a
from the wild Samoans...
The wild Samoans.
(Growls) Yeah, that's good.
Yeah. Borderline inappropriate.
Oh, okay. It was the tongue.
Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah.
So my uncle of a hooked my dad up
with a promoter
who got him booked
on some local shows,
which was great.
I mean, we needed the money,
but my dad
was still very much reliving
his glory days
of the early '80s.
Announcer: Listen to that crowd!
Whoo!
Announcer: Kick to the
midsection. Johnson taking a beating!
Rocky making
an incredible comeback
against the nature boy.
(Cheers and applause)
Here comes the big soul man.
Right hand!
(Soul man playing)
(Crowd cheering)
He holds flair up!
(Crowd cheering) One, two...
Three, and the crowd goes wild!
Damn right, they did!
I remember seeing
that match on TV.
Flair's a great guy.
Just don't touch his hair.
But do compliment
his ring entrance robe.
Brother spends a ton
on feathering.
(Sighs)
Dewey, did you put
an empty egg carton
and an empty milk carton
back in the fridge?
How are you supposed to
know we're out of stuff
if I don't put the empty
cartons in the fridge?
How about you write it down
on the grocery list?
Because when I do,
you ignore it.
Like, here I wrote "coke,"
and you bought
sim's market brand sugar cola.
Do you think I want sim's
market brand milk alternative
for my coffee? No.
I want the purple half-and-half,
but nobody here is making
half-and-half money, Dewey.
We're making
sim's market brand money.
Gotta take a shower.
I've got a new client.
I can't be late.
(Telephone ringing)
Heho? Hey, son.
Hey, dad. Is your mom there?
She's in the shower.
She's working
for that new client today.
All right. Let her know
I'm running a little late.
I lost track of time.
Storytelling for the guys
at the gym.
Mom seems real stressed, dad.
Hey, when I get home,
I'll give her
a rocky Johnson foot massage.
That'll take care of it.
Well, since I waited 20 minutes
for the phone to open up,
let's not waste it.
Hey, how's it going
with that girl you like?
Fine-ass Karen. And not good.
I want to ask her out,
but so does every other guy
in school.
Well, son,
you are not every other guy.
You just need to figure out
what you can offer her
that no one else can.
My hans and Franz impression
from Saturday night live.
I don't know
what that means, son,
but you gotta step your game up.
Be confident.
Girls like swagger.
And don't wait
to make your move.
For every second you hesitate,
there's another guy out there
telling your girl she'd look
better with less makeup.
Adult Dwayne:
So I wasn't gonna hesitate.
(Liv/n' on a prayer playing)
Dewey, I'm leaving.
See you tonight!
Okay, ma, see you later!
Adult Dwayne: This girl Karen
thought I was rich,
and I sure as hell wasn't.
So I had to impress her
with the best
stolen clothes I had.
That's right,
those are girbaud jeans.
Living on a prayer
I had my gear.
Now I just had to catch my ride.
Bus driver: Hello, hello.
Uh, sir, you need to be
a student to ride this bus.
I am a student.
You got some stones, pervert.
Gabe, yo,
tell him I'm a student!
Are those girbaud jeans?
So, I think mondays
and Thursdays to start,
and if you have any questions or
you need anything, just let me know.
Okay. Thank you, Mrs. Ariti.
Oh, please, call me Diane.
Do you have any kids?
I have a daughter, supposedly.
She hasn't called
in three weeks.
I'm learning to cook Indian
but I can't find the spices!
So, if it hadn't been
for that second Margarita,
you'd be looking at
Mrs. Kelsey grammer right now.
And I just don't think
I'm a good hugger!
Do you think
I should get a facelift?
Be honest.
I have a shrimp allergy!
Clark got me this
for my birthday.
He was always getting me
expensive, insulting gifts.
Bicycle, gym membership,
diet pills...
Oh, my god,
those aren't real problems.
Paying rent,
keeping the lights on,
those are real problems.
Oh, right.
Of course.
I could pay you
a dollar more an hour.
No, no, that's not
what I was asking.
I just used to pay what my
neighbor paid, but she moved...
Let's just forget
I said anything.
Young Dwayne: I can't believe
he wouldn't let me on the bus.
I was so late
that I missed homeroom
with fine-ass Karen.
She didn't get to see
the newjeans I stole
or my hans and Franz.
What if I miss
my window with her?
Dude, honestly, I don't know
ifyourjeans
or your impression
would have mattered.
Karen has crazy high standards.
Let's all go to the lobby
take me home.
Take me home.
Karen
take me home.
Um, we're at your house.
Well, take yourself home then.
Gabe: My god.
It's the karens! What?
It's the Karen's! No, here?
(Song playing) Taking me
to the point of no return
young Dwayne: Fine-ass Karen.
(Expose point of no return)
Big hair Karen.
Colorblind Karen. (Dwayne sighs)
And Bonnie.
They made her an honorary
Karen 'cause it's her car.
Yo, they're coming.
They're coming in.
Young Dwayne: What are
we doing? Yo, I don't know man!
Just be cool!
I'm gonna put
these peppers on a plate.
(Song continues)
I'd like to feel the passion
to the point of no return
on, baby
adult Dwayne: The universe was
giving me a second chance,
and like my dad said,
I had to be confident.
Yo, let's go over.
I can't, man.
I squirted pepperjuice
in my eye.
Ugh. Ow.
Go over there
for the both of us.
(Exhales)
Hello, ladies. Karen: Hi, Tomas.
Adult Dwayne: Oh, yeah, I also
told her that my name was Tomas.
Karen: Missed you in homeroom.
Tomas: Oh, I was shaving.
Lost track of time.
Big hair Karen: So why are you
even working here?
I thought Karen
said you were rich.
Oh, this isn't a moneyjob.
This is a build-characterjob.
Colorblind Karen: I totally
get it.
My cousin's
a construction worker.
My dad's
a professional wrestler.
That's where our family money
comes from.
Oh, yeah?
My dad bought wrestlemania III
on pay-per-view.
Was your dad in that?
No, but he's friends
with all the guys who were.
I once spent a beautiful day
with Andre the giant
when I was a kid.
Fezzik!
That's his character's name
in "the Princess bride".
Well, that's interesting.
Not what Bonnie said,
but what you said.
The last guy I dated's dad
was vice president
for the acquisitions
of-who cares?
So boring.
You know, I was
actually talking about you
with my dad this morning.
Karen: What?
Karen: No, you weren't. I was.
I told him I wanted
to ask you out.
You know what he told me? What?
He told me to offer you
what the other guys can't.
Oh, yeah, and what's that?
(German accent) I'm hans.
I'm Franz.
And we want to pump you up.
I love hans and Franz.
Call me later.
(Upbeat music playing)
Announcer: The "soul
man" has withstood the onslaught
by roddy Piper and is now
all over the rowdy one!
(Crowd cheering)
Here comes
the signature drop kick!
(Crowd applauding)
Is it over?
(Crowd chanting) One, two...
Three, the crowd goes wild!
Rocky, rocky, rocky!
Like I said, I don't really
watch wrestling.
Sure you do.
Let me tell you
about this other time.
So I had this brother, right?
Well, I feel awful.
Isnapped at my new client today,
so now I'm making her
apology musubis.
Do like we do out here
in Hawaii.
Send mangoes,
the fruit of forgiveness.
There he is.
I did what you said.
I stepped to Karen
with confidence,
and she gave me her number.
Oh, that's great, son.
I told you that would work.
Gonna call her tonight
after I work out
so I can say,
"I just worked out."
Smooth as hell, son.
Keep your foot on the gas.
Don't let up.
Rocky, did that promoter
pay you yet?
Uh, no, we got a match
on Saturday.
Office said
he's gonna pay us then.
Young Dwayne: Where's your
match on Saturday?
North Hampton college. Sold out.
Really? Totally sold out.
Oh, I'm gonna blow their minds.
Like that time I went up
against Paul orndorff...
(School bell rings)
(Funky music)
Hello, Dwayne.
How's student life?
Hey, principal Bogg. It's good.
That was for the benefit
of the kids, officer Johnson.
I don't want to blow your cover.
Any leads on the rash
of locker break-ins?
Again, I'm not a narc.
Of course.
You can't talk
on school premises.
I'll make us a reservation
at Morton's steakhouse.
You can brief me later.
Hey, stay safe out there.
What?
(Funky music)
Karen, Karen, Karen, Bonnie.
You can call me Karen.
Is it me,
or is he wearing all red?
It's you. Hi, Tomas.
Fun talking to you
on the phone last night.
Think how fun itwill be
when we talk face-to-face
on our date.
Karen, you didn't tell us
he asked you out.
He didn't, Karen.
It's happening right now.
No fricking way.
My dad is wrestling at north
Hampton college on Saturday.
It's sold out,
but I can get us in.
Snag us some vip passes,
hang backstage.
That would be pretty exciting.
I've never seen alive show.
See, Kevin?
That's how you do it.
(Song playing) Baby
I can't wait
mmm.
They taste like hope
for a better future.
(Chuckles)
Thank you for these,
but you really didn't have to.
It's the least I could do
after how I spoke to you.
It's not an excuse,
but my husband's been having
work issues,
and money's been tight.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry too.
Ever since my daughter
left home and my divorce,
I've been a little lonely.
I guess I got overexcited
at having company.
Family tests you whether
they're here or they're gone.
Amen.
Just like Sally Jesse says,
"we're expected
to react to the needs
of the people around us."
Who's Sally Jesse?
Sally Jesse Raphael.
The yellow haired hawk
of daytime talk.
Oh, come with me. Come with me.
And I was like, "no, Bonnie,
a perm would not do well
"with your face structure."
And that is how
I saved her life.
What would she do without you?
Wow, this place
really is sold out.
I'll talk to the guy,
tell him who we are.
Here for the flea market?
We're here
for the wrestling match.
Yep, you're in the right place.
That's right between
the vintage coats
and French armoires.
Adult Dwayne: Now, lknew
my dad wasn't wrestling
in packed arenas anymore,
but he definitely
stretched the truth
about this venue.
Dewey! (Rock chuckles)
Well, well, well,
and this must be Karen.
Oh, what a surprise.
Karen: Dewey?
My nickname. It's a
nickname for Tomas?
Tomas? His name is Dwayne.
Is this true, Tomas?
You said you were wrestling
at a college.
Yeah, this is at a college.
This is a flea market
next to a college.
Commemorative
bicentennial spoons?
Ew, I am not buying used spoons.
Vintage t-shirts, young lady?
You a fan of gwar?
Karen: Dwayne! One sec.
Look at her, dad. She's not
the flea market type.
You know I've been trying
to impress this girl.
All right, all right, I might
have hyped it up a bit,
but the crowd is pumped.
Young Dwayne: There's, like,
ten people here.
Now, see, there was 11,
but this woman fainted
when she heard
I was on the card.
Yeah, she saw me wrestle
Mr. Fuji
at the garden years ago.
Now, that was a hell of a match.
Okay, sure, my dad
stretched the truth
to make himself look good,
but he was also used
to a certain level of success
that he wasn't
ready to give up.
So fuji's about to throw salt
in my eyes, right?
Dwayne, can we go?
There is a woman
trying to sell me
what I think
is a racist syrup jar.
Um, we gotta...
Oh, wait, wait, no.
You can't leave
before the main event.
For sure, we're staying.
No way we're missing
a rocky Johnson show.
That's my boy.
Rocky, showtime.
Rocky: Great. Thanks, hal.
I'll see you two
after the match?
No way we're staying.
There is a man selling
a pile of old baby shoes,
and it is freaking me out.
If you want to leave,
go ahead, but I'm staying.
He's my dad.
Like Karen, I'm also confused.
Why did you stay?
He's my dad.
That's it.
Wait.
Woman: And it's really
unusual, I think, to hear women
say this,
looks are more important
than brains? Oh, yeah.
I think I would like
a dumb, hot man.
Clark was basically
a giant brain
attached to the body
of an uncooked chicken.
(Laughs)
I'd like a man
who can put his ego aside.
I love rocky,
but he always exaggerates
to make himself look good
when he doesn't even have to.
It's exhausting.
Still, sounds better than Clark.
An uncooked chicken, ata.
(Laughs)
Oh, I have to go.
Yeah, I still gotta go
to the grocery store
and get dinner ready.
You have to take time
for yourself too.
"Find the little joys,
"for they give us
the greatest pleasures."
Did you just come up with that?
No, that's sjr.
She said it to a toothless
woman addicted to crystal meth.
I recorded it. I'll show you.
Got us some snacks.
That's what my family buys
to feed the fish
when we go to the poconos.
(Screams) (Screams)
(Chuckles)
Hey, uncle of a, uncle sika.
This is Karen. Hi, Karen.
(Screams)
(Sika laughs)
Bye, Karen.
Should've gone white water
rafting with Kevin.
Okay, yeah, this place sucks,
but I promise
you're in for a show.
Announcer: In this
corner, the "soul man"!
Adult Dwayne: Even though
my dad wasn't wrestling
in Madison square garden
anymore,
in his mind, he was.
(Sam and Dave "soul man")
And his opponent,
hailing from the ocean,
the gull!
(Screams)
Ooh, a dirty attack
by the gull before the bell.
And whether it was the gull
or Rick flair
or roddy Piper,
anytime rocky Johnson
got in that ring,
he went all out.
(Song playing) That's what!
Got, the hard way
and I'll make it better
each and every day
it's so violent in real life.
Ah, ah! Ow!
(Song playing)' Cause
you ain't seen nothing yet
if he doesn't sell
and get his opponent over,
there's no point
in blowing his comeback.
What does that mean?
Rocky: Ow!
(Song playing) I'm a soul man
stop it! He's hurt!
rocky reaches the ropes.
The gull has to let him go
or be disqualified.
(Audience booing) Caw!
I hate you!
(Mouthing) She's loving it.
Adult Dwayne: Nobody put on
a show like the "soul man".
Rocky, rocky, rocky! Rocky.
(All chanting)
Rocky, rocky, rocky!
(Crowd cheering)
(Song playing) I'm a soul man
(all cheering)
(Grunts)
(Song playing) I'm a soul man
whoo!
(Song playing) Well, grab the
rope, let me pull you in
(song playing) Give you hope
and be your only boyfriend
(song playing) Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah
(crowd chanting) One, two...
Three!
(Cheers and applause)
Adult Dwayne: Like my dad,
I had been exaggerating the truth
to make myself look good,
but when I finally got real
and chose to be there for him
over impressing the girl,
I somehow got the girl.
That was amazing!
What did I tell you?
Nobody puts on a show
like my dad.
(Cheers and applause)
That was so fun.
You set the bar high
for our next date.
Next date?
Oh, is that before or after
you go rafting with Kevin?
Shut up.
Man 4: Hi, rocky! Rocky: Hey.
Amazing, dad.
You put on a show.
You were so great, Mr. Johnson.
Why, thank you, Karen.
Appreciate that, son.
I've never seen
wrestling live before,
and it was so much better
than on TV.
Kind of like that time I saw
kirk Cameron at the airport.
Hal: Hey, hell of a match,
rocky. Hell of a match.
Finally, payday.
Rocky: Where's the rest?
Hal: That's $300.
It was 300 per match.
I wrestled
three matches for you.
No, 300 total.
Just give us a second.
Business.
Karen: $300? That's all?
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, hedoeswtdo
these smaller shows for money.
He just does 'em
as a favor to my uncles.
Oh. Yeah.
Still, though, you want to keep
these local promoters honest
but he makes the real money
at the big shows.
Oh, well, I'd love
to see one of those.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
for sure.
I'll take you to the next one.
Hey, you know,
my dad has a ton of merch.
Mmm-hmm. You want a hat?
I'll bring you a hat on Monday.
(Ata singing) So the wind
might change direction
and you stay always as you are
I've always loved that song.
Dwayne said the show was great.
Hey, you know me.
My worst day
is someone else's best day.
(Chuckles)
Hey, I'm sorry about the money.
Hal swore he was-ata: Hey.
$300 is $300. We could use it.
But next time, we gotta
make sure you get paid upfront.
Definitely.
Plus this convention in erie
will bring in some extra dough.
Pose for pictures,
sign some autographs.
It'll be great.
Hey, babe, what's with
this small, purple milk?
It's my little joy.
I put it behind the cantaloupe
so Dewey doesn't drink it all
in one gulp.
Smart.
No way that boy's
going near a melon.
Mmm-hmm.
That is a sweet end
to the story.
Would've been, yeah,
but that's not the end.
Unless we want it to be.
Sandy, please.
Can someone get
this Sandy guy out of here?
Bitch trying to step
into my coverage.
Sorry about that. That's okay.
You know, Randall, look,
I'm here to be honest,
and that's why I told you
this story.
No one's perfect,
and we all make mistakes.
Adult Dwayne: I just happened
to make a whole hell of a lot of them.
Hey, Karen.
I brought you this.
Karen: Thanks.
Nice jeans.
I was just telling everyone
about the match.
When your dad did
that sunset flip-
which was badass-
it, like,
totally changed my life.
Ugh, at the flea market?
Ugh, yes,
that part was disgusting.
It was like a cursed mall,
but the show was really fun.
Kevin: Aw, that's awesome, man.
My neighbor's throwing
a garage sale next week.
Maybe your dad can
main event that.
(Laughing) My brother was there.
He said there were, like,
ten people in the audience.
There's ten people
here right now.
This was the audience.
I mean, it doesn't even matter.
Wrestling's all fake anyway.
(Crowd gasping) Oh!
(Gasps)
Never use the f-word.
Randall: Wait, so you
knocked him out cold.
Ah. Um...
We just scooped
everyone in the country.
Scooped 'em all.
Randall: Yeah, we did.
(Both chuckle)